# Data
This folder is for the storage of videos that you want to run SIN-classifier on. Please see below for the expected directory route and folder names to ensure that the correct details are extracted. 

## Input directory
The input directory should be a folder containing the raw videos for which SIN-classifer will be run on. Specify the input directory using the `input_dir` argument in config.py. 

If videos are stored in sub directories, ensure that the `RECURSIVE` argument under settings for MegaDetector detection is set to `True`. 

### Comparing results of MegaDetector with manual identification
To test the accuacy of MegaDetector, the detections generated by MegaDetector can be compared to the results of manual identification (`CHECK_ACCURACY = True` in config.py). However, for this to work, the results of manual identification should be saved in the form of folder names. These folder names require a specific format to ensure that all the correct details of the camera trap survey and the species found would be extracted. 

The input directory thus should have the following sub directories with the following naming convention: 

[input folder]/[camera trap station]_[sampling date]/[species name] [species quantity] [any remarks]/

Using the example_test_set folder as an example, the the `INPUT_DIR` argument in config.py would be:
`INPUT_DIR = 'data/example_test_set'`

Within the example_test_set folder, each sub directory would represent the videos from a particular camera trap station and the sampling date of that camera trap station. For example, the folder CT23_20211119 represents camera station "CT23" sampled on "20211119". Note that camera trap station name and sampling date should be separated by an underscore (i.e., "_"). 

Within each of the camera trap station folders, the sub directories should represent the species captured in the videos, the number of individuals (quantity) observed in the videos, and remarks (if any). For example, within the CT23_20211119 folder, there is a folder "Tupaia glis 1", which represents the species name (i.e., "Tupaia glis") and the number of individuals observed (i.e., 1 individual). Do note the following: 
1) Species name should only contain two words (the genus and the species), separated by a space. For non-conventional species names such as an unknown treeshrew or squirrel, do save them as "Unknown treeshrew_or_squirrel". 
2) The species name and quantity should be separated by a space as well. 
3) The remarks should also not contain any spaces. For example, "moving_very_fast". Quantity and remarks is also separated by a space. 
4) If a video contains more than one species, do duplicate the video into two separate folders corresponding to their observations. For example, if video.avi contains both a common treeshrew and plantain squirrel, save video.avi in both "Tupaia glis 1" and "Callosciurus notatus 1". There will thus be two copies of video.avi. 

Within each of the species folders should be the camera trap videos to be processed. 

## Species Database 
The species database is a csv file required when comparing the detections by MegaDetector and the manual identification results (`CHECK_ACCURACY = True` in config.py). This species database will provide the following functions: 
1) Provide binomial nomenclature information for each species (e.g., Order, Family, Common name etc.)
2) Provide category class for each species (e.g., Category 1 - animal, Category 2 - human, Category 3 - vehicle)
3) Correct any possible spelling errors in the folder names

To add more species into the species database, enter the name of the species specified in the species folder into the `FolderSpeciesName` column. Following which, fill up the remaining information corresponding to that species. 
